Name: Tuder.txt
Size: Hamlet
Walls: Mortar
Export: Copper



The Lord and his Family:

FATHER
Baidyanath Kakati
: Adult male Gith. short and fat with Yellow-green
 skin and Red
 hair, wearing formal clothes. A Wagon Driver
, they are calm and paranoid
, and idolize logic.
MOTHER
Ogharn Kakati
: Adult female Orc. short and skinny with Gray skin and Black hair, wearing extravagant clothes. A Slave
, they are playful and gullible
, and idolize self-forgiveness.
CHILDREN
Badakh Kakati
: Child female Orc. tall and burly with Gray skin and Black hair, wearing beggar clothes. They are sad and explosie
, and idolize victory.
Hagob Kakati
: Child male Orc. short and burly with Gray skin and Red
 hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are sneaky and indomitable
, and idolize aspiration.
Gul Kakati
: Child male Orc. short and average with Yellow-green
 skin and Red
 hair, wearing leisurely clothes. They are brilliant and vain
, and idolize charity.
Uggug Kakati
: Child male Orc. tall and average with Gray skin and Red
 hair, wearing formal clothes. They are playful and pathological-liar
, and idolize proficiency.
Bhairab Kakati
: Child male Gith. average and fat with Yellow-green
 skin and Red
 hair, wearing average clothes. They are optimistic and vain
, and idolize parenthood.
Eichelberbog Kakati
: Child male Orc. short and skinny with Gray skin and Black hair, wearing formal clothes. They are careful and naive
, and idolize glory.




Town Guard Captain:
Chrink Nethergazer
: Adult male Kobold. tall and fat with Blue skin and N/A hair, wearing average clothes. They are humorous and dimwit
, and idolize justice.



The town has 1 barracks.



Barrack Lieutenant:
Nephadius Benvolio
: Adult male Tiefling. tall and athletic with Blue skin and Dark Blue hair, wearing formal clothes. They are cooperative and stubborn
, and idolize caring.


Subordinate Guards:
Neothi Vaimei-Lamune
: Adult male Goliath. tall and burly with Brown skin and N/A hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are humorous and immoral
, and idolize charity.
Vulea Thunukukane
: Adult female Goliath. average and burly with Brown skin and N/A hair, wearing leisurely clothes. They are impatient and belittling
, and idolize reputation.
Mephac Drysthyra
: Adult female Dragonborn. average and fat with Gold skin and N/A hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are cheerful and smoker
, and idolize escape.
Rajrupa Deka
: Adult female Gith. average and average with Yellow-green
 skin and Auburn
 hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are disrespectful and clumsy
, and idolize immortality.
Eammimou Rirwime
: Adult female Aasimar. short and athletic with Tan skin and Red hair, wearing average clothes. They are playful and workaholic
, and idolize tradition.
Damtetoth Lumimash
: Adult male Dragonborn. tall and fat with White skin and N/A hair, wearing formal clothes. They are nervous and arrogant
, and idolize providing.
Holika Bharali
: Adult female Gith. short and muscular with Yellow-brown
 skin and Gray
 hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are hyper and naive
, and idolize fitting in.
Aaldrakish Zofsira
: Adult male Dragonborn. average and scrawny with Bronze skin and N/A hair, wearing average clothes. They are imaginative and irrational
, and idolize travel.
Brallevia Burrowhorn
: Adult female Dwarf. tall and muscular with Tan skin and Auburn hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are wise and attached
, and idolize repayment.
Afsane Javed
: Adult male Lizardfolk. short and skinny with Gray skin and N/A hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are patient and envious
, and idolize companionship.
Rialdrieh Apikmor
: Adult female Aasimar. average and scrawny with Dark skin and Red hair, wearing formal clothes. They are brave and unethical
, and idolize companionship.
Cregrea Hamlin
: Adult female Tiefling. short and burly with Red skin and Blue hair, wearing beggar clothes. They are quiet and dimwit
, and idolize entreprenuership.




The Town has an Inn. It is called The Superb Fork

Owner:
Aalxocak Zofsira
: Adult male Dragonborn. short and average with Copper skin and N/A hair, wearing beggar clothes. They are dull and forgetful
, and idolize entreprenuership.

Cook:
Chreige Coalfang
: Adult female Kobold. short and average with Gold skin and N/A hair, wearing beggar clothes. They are caring and gluttony
, and idolize health.

Bartender:
Gwynnyl Gronhonuk
: Adult female Dwarf. short and athletic with Gray skin and Brown hair, wearing average clothes. They are gloomy and shallow
, and idolize pride.

Server:
Jeta Ebrahimi
: Adult male Lizardfolk. tall and muscular with Dusty Yellow skin and N/A hair, wearing leisurely clothes. They are lazy and storyteller
, and idolize glory.






The town has a Potter.

Kaunnio Kulanolake
: Adult female Goliath. average and skinny with Gray skin and N/A hair, wearing work clothes. They are mature and abusive
, and idolize acknowledgement.











Households:




House 1 Occupants:
FATHER
Kaark Brownblower
: Adult male Kobold. short and skinny with Black skin and N/A hair, wearing average clothes. A Cook
, they are intelligent and slacker
, and idolize reputation.
MOTHER
Khnaidai Brownblower
: Adult female Kobold. tall and skinny with Bronze skin and N/A hair, wearing formal clothes. A Minstrel
, they are talkative and disrespectful
, and idolize greater good.
CHILDREN
Khrenga Brownblower
: Child female Kobold. short and scrawny with Bronze skin and N/A hair, wearing work clothes. They are confused and unforgiving
, and idolize festivity.
Ozsrihs Brownblower
: Child female Kobold. average and scrawny with Black skin and N/A hair, wearing average clothes. They are sneaky and easily-angered
, and idolize sincerity.
Zes Brownblower
: Child female Kobold. short and skinny with Black skin and N/A hair, wearing formal clothes. They are optimistic and suspicious
, and idolize service.
Chrec Brownblower
: Child male Kobold. tall and fat with Black skin and N/A hair, wearing beggar clothes. They are unkind and naive
, and idolize live and let live.
Khruz Brownblower
: Child female Kobold. short and skinny with Black skin and N/A hair, wearing work clothes. They are creative and immoral
, and idolize revenge.



House 2 Occupants:
FATHER
Robin Rabha
: Adult male Gith. average and burly with Yellow-green
 skin and Red
 hair, wearing work clothes. A Tailor
, they are obnoxious and squander
, and idolize trust.
MOTHER
Shakshi Rabha
: Adult female Gith. tall and average with Yellow-brown
 skin and Yellow-brown
 hair, wearing extravagant clothes. A Maid
, they are wild and smoker
, and idolize mastery.
CHILDREN
Shakira Rabha
: Child female Gith. short and scrawny with Yellow-brown
 skin and Red
 hair, wearing leisurely clothes. They are talkative and renege
, and idolize craft.
Gopi Rabha
: Child male Gith. average and skinny with Yellow-brown
 skin and Yellow-brown
 hair, wearing formal clothes. They are mean and covetous
, and idolize beauty.
Bikromjit Rabha
: Child male Gith. tall and burly with Yellow-green
 skin and Yellow-brown
 hair, wearing work clothes. They are helpful and remorseless
, and idolize self-acceptance.



House 3 Occupants:
FATHER
Zurgug Guruok
: Adult male Orc. short and burly with Ash skin and Black hair, wearing work clothes. A Fishmonger
, they are afraid and thoutless
, and idolize repayment.
MOTHER
Thrubo Guruok
: Adult female Kobold. short and burly with Green skin and N/A hair, wearing average clothes. A Vintner
, they are timid and stubborn
, and idolize fairness.
CHILDREN
Wilaktug Guruok
: Child male Orc. short and scrawny with Green skin and N/A hair, wearing formal clothes. They are serious and unethical
, and idolize artistry.
Xir Guruok
: Child male Kobold. average and burly with Ash skin and N/A hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are thoughtful and cusser
, and idolize pain.
Chruy Guruok
: Child female Kobold. short and burly with Ash skin and N/A hair, wearing beggar clothes. They are wise and possessive
, and idolize artistry.
Vray Guruok
: Child female Kobold. short and scrawny with Green skin and Black hair, wearing average clothes. They are optimistic and disrespectful
, and idolize creativity.



House 4 Occupants:
FATHER
Ephekmosh Faecoria
: Adult male Dragonborn. average and burly with Red skin and N/A hair, wearing extravagant clothes. A Banker
, they are wild and vindictive
, and idolize responsibility.
MOTHER
Myordith Faecoria
: Adult female Dragonborn. average and athletic with Gold skin and N/A hair, wearing leisurely clothes. A Stonecutter
, they are shy and negligent
, and idolize philanthropy.
CHILDREN
Tammaatergid Faecoria
: Child female Dragonborn. short and average with Red skin and N/A hair, wearing beggar clothes. They are noisy and humorous
, and idolize trust.
Cumticuundeash Faecoria
: Child male Dragonborn. short and average with Red skin and N/A hair, wearing beggar clothes. They are talkative and smoker
, and idolize self-control.
Daancuujomod Faecoria
: Child male Dragonborn. average and fat with Gold skin and N/A hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are cheerful and critical
, and idolize discovery.
Nankek Faecoria
: Child male Dragonborn. short and muscular with Gold skin and N/A hair, wearing leisurely clothes. They are dull and thoutless
, and idolize survival.



House 5 Occupants:
FATHER
Idir Rais
: Adult male Lizardfolk. short and athletic with Gray skin and N/A hair, wearing work clothes. A Guard
, they are humorous and adulterous
, and idolize courage.
MOTHER
Tanilla Rais
: Adult female Lizardfolk. tall and scrawny with Black skin and N/A hair, wearing leisurely clothes. A Cartographer
, they are helpful and humorous
, and idolize destiny.
CHILDREN
Imlul Rais
: Child male Lizardfolk. tall and skinny with Black skin and N/A hair, wearing average clothes. They are disrespectful and hypocrite
, and idolize protecion.
Sula Rais
: Child female Lizardfolk. short and skinny with Gray skin and N/A hair, wearing leisurely clothes. They are selfish and competitive
, and idolize artistry.
Lundja Rais
: Child female Lizardfolk. average and muscular with Black skin and N/A hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are confident and gullible
, and idolize live and let live.
Bellou Rais
: Child male Lizardfolk. tall and average with Gray skin and N/A hair, wearing average clothes. They are silly and nosy
, and idolize pride.



House 6 Occupants:
FATHER
Amen Farah
: Adult male Lizardfolk. average and fat with Black skin and N/A hair, wearing beggar clothes. A Cook
, they are responsible and manipulative
, and idolize nature.
MOTHER
Tacelvat Farah
: Adult female Lizardfolk. short and athletic with Dusty Yellow skin and N/A hair, wearing leisurely clothes. A Engineer
, they are rude and passive-aggressive
, and idolize escape.
CHILDREN
Menna Farah
: Child female Lizardfolk. tall and athletic with Dusty Yellow skin and N/A hair, wearing average clothes. They are loving and paranoid
, and idolize mastery.



House 7 Occupants:
FATHER
Malelech Donoghan
: Adult male Tiefling. average and skinny with Pink skin and Black hair, wearing work clothes. A Wagon Driver
, they are brilliant and arrogant
, and idolize freedom.
MOTHER
Iniza Donoghan
: Adult female Tiefling. tall and muscular with Pink skin and Dark Blue hair, wearing formal clothes. A Slave
, they are confident and belittling
, and idolize entreprenuership.
CHILDREN
Erchar Donoghan
: Child male Tiefling. tall and burly with Pink skin and Black hair, wearing beggar clothes. They are humorous and explosie
, and idolize philanthropy.
Zarrakir Donoghan
: Child male Tiefling. short and athletic with Pink skin and Black hair, wearing leisurely clothes. They are clumsy and dolt
, and idolize knowledge.
Ripione Donoghan
: Child female Tiefling. tall and skinny with Pink skin and Black hair, wearing formal clothes. They are greedy and disloyal
, and idolize nature.
Comfort Donoghan
: Child male Tiefling. short and muscular with Pink skin and Black hair, wearing work clothes. They are intelligent and disloyal
, and idolize caring.
Trickery Donoghan
: Child male Tiefling. short and average with Pink skin and Black hair, wearing work clothes. They are wise and easily-angered
, and idolize pain.



House 8 Occupants:
Abanita Kandali
: Adult female Gith. average and scrawny with Yellow-brown
 skin and Red
 hair, wearing work clothes. They are mean and explosie
, and idolize fortune.




House 9 Occupants:
Lothi Geaneaku
: Adult female Goliath. average and athletic with Gray skin and N/A hair, wearing average clothes. They are confused and remorseless
, and idolize acceptance.




House 10 Occupants:
FATHER
Anuraaj Kandali
: Adult male Gith. short and skinny with Yellow-green
 skin and Russet
 hair, wearing extravagant clothes. A Prostitute
, they are lonely and rebellious
, and idolize nation.
MOTHER
Eednei Kandali
: Adult female Kobold. short and athletic with Black skin and N/A hair, wearing formal clothes. A Landlord
, they are proud and gullible
, and idolize dominion.
CHILDREN
Rupam Kandali
: Child male Gith. short and muscular with Yellow-green
 skin and Russet
 hair, wearing average clothes. They are organized and indecisive
, and idolize authority.
Harsha Kandali
: Child male Gith. average and fat with Black skin and N/A hair, wearing formal clothes. They are smart and predictable
, and idolize people.



House 11 Occupants:
FATHER
Shamong Caskajaro
: Adult male Tiefling. average and scrawny with Purple skin and Purple hair, wearing average clothes. A Brewer
, they are trustworthy and suspicious
, and idolize chaos.
MOTHER
Truth Caskajaro
: Adult female Tiefling. short and athletic with Blue skin and Dark Blue hair, wearing leisurely clothes. A Gardener
, they are nosy and renege
, and idolize self-forgiveness.
CHILDREN
Ariagoria Caskajaro
: Child female Tiefling. short and scrawny with Blue skin and Purple hair, wearing beggar clothes. They are artistic and racist
, and idolize self-control.
Trouble Caskajaro
: Child female Tiefling. average and scrawny with Blue skin and Dark Blue hair, wearing formal clothes. They are obnoxious and superstitious
, and idolize community.
Comfort Caskajaro
: Child male Tiefling. average and fat with Purple skin and Dark Blue hair, wearing leisurely clothes. They are caring and flake
, and idolize might.
Kalmaia Caskajaro
: Child female Tiefling. average and burly with Purple skin and Purple hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are nice and immoral
, and idolize protecion.
Zailoth Caskajaro
: Child female Tiefling. short and average with Purple skin and Purple hair, wearing beggar clothes. They are immature and paranoid
, and idolize shelter.



House 12 Occupants:
FATHER
Daergran Ironale
: Adult male Dwarf. average and burly with Gray skin and Brown hair, wearing formal clothes. A Blacksmith
, they are confused and shallow
, and idolize victory.
MOTHER
Reynmyla Ironale
: Adult female Dwarf. short and scrawny with Tan skin and Black hair, wearing beggar clothes. A Bounty Hunter
, they are talented and offensive
, and idolize petiness.
CHILDREN
Thurthrum Ironale
: Child male Dwarf. tall and fat with Tan skin and Brown hair, wearing work clothes. They are active and clumsy
, and idolize travel.
Brallevia Ironale
: Child female Dwarf. tall and skinny with Gray skin and Black hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are logical and adulterous
, and idolize might.



House 13 Occupants:
Kudik Riverfoot
: Adult male Kobold. short and muscular with Gold skin and N/A hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are curious and irrational
, and idolize vigilantism.




House 14 Occupants:
FATHER
Snidid Stormsplinter
: Adult male Kobold. tall and fat with Black skin and N/A hair, wearing work clothes. A Soldier
, they are careful and tease
, and idolize greater good.
MOTHER
Veh Stormsplinter
: Adult female Kobold. short and muscular with Green skin and White hair, wearing extravagant clothes. A Furrier
, they are cooperative and fanatical
, and idolize health.
CHILDREN
Dehs Stormsplinter
: Child female Kobold. tall and muscular with Green skin and White hair, wearing average clothes. They are tolerant and complainer
, and idolize shelter.
Thrilble Stormsplinter
: Child female Kobold. average and fat with Black skin and White hair, wearing formal clothes. They are caring and greedy
, and idolize freedom.
Khrathri Stormsplinter
: Child female Kobold. average and skinny with Black skin and N/A hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are confident and humorous
, and idolize tradition.
Shtaih Stormsplinter
: Child female Kobold. average and fat with Black skin and White hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are greedy and attached
, and idolize courage.
Szic Stormsplinter
: Child male Kobold. average and muscular with Black skin and N/A hair, wearing leisurely clothes. They are humble and spender
, and idolize passion.
Clez Stormsplinter
: Child female Kobold. tall and athletic with Green skin and White hair, wearing leisurely clothes. They are calm and tenacious
, and idolize beauty.



House 15 Occupants:
FATHER
Hrolkug Larbu
: Adult male Orc. average and fat with Slate skin and Black hair, wearing formal clothes. A Guard
, they are peaceful and hypocrite
, and idolize self-improvement.
MOTHER
Batuash Larbu
: Adult female Orc. short and scrawny with Slate skin and Black hair, wearing formal clothes. A Minstrel
, they are loving and clumsy
, and idolize enlightenment.
CHILDREN
Xnurl Larbu
: Child male Orc. short and skinny with Slate skin and Black hair, wearing average clothes. They are mature and impetuous
, and idolize self-control.
Epkagut Larbu
: Child male Orc. tall and burly with Slate skin and Black hair, wearing work clothes. They are cooperative and dolt
, and idolize self-discovery.
Mauhul Larbu
: Child male Orc. short and average with Slate skin and Black hair, wearing average clothes. They are fun and slacker
, and idolize live and let live.
Xnurl Larbu
: Child male Orc. average and skinny with Slate skin and Black hair, wearing work clothes. They are silly and irrational
, and idolize charity.





Total Population: 1129