Name: Wokamurra.txt
Size: Hamlet
Walls: Mortar
Export: Gemstones



The Lady and her Family:

FATHER
Chendruc Barbedbash
: Adult male Kobold. average and burly with Red skin and N/A hair, wearing extravagant clothes. A Chef
, they are dull and racist
, and idolize entreprenuership.
MOTHER
Clez Barbedbash
: Adult female Kobold. average and fat with Red skin and White hair, wearing average clothes. A Musician
, they are serious and covetous
, and idolize achievement.
CHILDREN
Szic Barbedbash
: Child male Kobold. tall and athletic with Red skin and White hair, wearing beggar clothes. They are bossy and greedy
, and idolize escape.
Ched Barbedbash
: Child male Kobold. average and fat with Red skin and White hair, wearing formal clothes. They are nosy and covetous
, and idolize control.
Vihn Barbedbash
: Child female Kobold. short and skinny with Red skin and White hair, wearing formal clothes. They are hyper and belittling
, and idolize immortality.
Ghregi Barbedbash
: Child female Kobold. tall and fat with Red skin and N/A hair, wearing formal clothes. They are popular and exploiter
, and idolize providing.
Ghez Barbedbash
: Child female Kobold. short and scrawny with Red skin and White hair, wearing beggar clothes. They are angry and negligent
, and idolize altruism.




Town Guard Captain:
Redsael Goldenbelt
: Adult female Dwarf. short and burly with Dark Brown skin and Brown hair, wearing average clothes. They are determined and clumsy
, and idolize redemption.



The town has 1 barracks.



Barrack Lieutenant:
Shilmecmith Gorakul
: Adult female Dragonborn. short and burly with Copper skin and N/A hair, wearing leisurely clothes. They are shy and disloyal
, and idolize independence.


Subordinate Guards:
Clompid Jinturim
: Adult female Dragonborn. tall and scrawny with Green skin and N/A hair, wearing leisurely clothes. They are peaceful and inconsiderate
, and idolize proficiency.
Kneddeg Coldhead
: Adult male Kobold. tall and average with Silver skin and N/A hair, wearing formal clothes. They are peaceful and competitive
, and idolize parenthood.
Aranrus Ambert
: Adult male Tiefling. tall and muscular with Purple skin and Red hair, wearing formal clothes. They are creative and complainer
, and idolize independence.
Myordith Xiscys
: Adult female Dragonborn. short and burly with Brass skin and N/A hair, wearing beggar clothes. They are greedy and dolt
, and idolize might.
Tanazart Khawaja
: Adult female Lizardfolk. tall and muscular with Green skin and N/A hair, wearing average clothes. They are funny and squander
, and idolize beauty.
Gelthu Geanutha
: Adult female Goliath. short and skinny with Brown skin and Brown hair, wearing average clothes. They are angry and nosy
, and idolize petiness.
Shuncashturroth Nariel
: Adult female Dragonborn. tall and athletic with Gold skin and N/A hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are nice and unethical
, and idolize shelter.
Miknasa Latif
: Adult male Lizardfolk. tall and fat with Black skin and N/A hair, wearing work clothes. They are determined and bashful
, and idolize self-forgiveness.
Poulambi Kalita
: Adult female Gith. short and burly with Yellow-green
 skin and Russet
 hair, wearing work clothes. They are respectful and suspicious
, and idolize achievement.
Thorthrum Rankerk
: Adult male Dwarf. tall and scrawny with Tan skin and Auburn hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are bold and attached
, and idolize revenge.
Aayan Das
: Adult male Gith. average and average with Yellow-brown
 skin and Yellow-brown
 hair, wearing leisurely clothes. They are charming and storyteller
, and idolize self-control.
Byltyn Frosthammer
: Adult female Dwarf. tall and muscular with Tan skin and Red hair, wearing average clothes. They are determined and prideful
, and idolize might.
Shagk Bolahug
: Adult female Orc. tall and athletic with Dark Blue skin and Black hair, wearing leisurely clothes. They are dishonest and inhumane
, and idolize nation.
Kailyn Sarmah
: Adult female Gith. tall and muscular with Yellow-brown
 skin and Auburn
 hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are caring and pessimist
, and idolize live and let live.
Bundram Redert
: Adult male Dwarf. short and muscular with Pale skin and Blonde hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are successful and pretentious
, and idolize revenge.
Tufitri Mowad
: Adult female Lizardfolk. tall and scrawny with Green skin and N/A hair, wearing leisurely clothes. They are afraid and prideful
, and idolize tradition.
Galthrum Fetgenn
: Adult male Dwarf. average and fat with Pale skin and Dark Brown hair, wearing leisurely clothes. They are organized and hypocrite
, and idolize survival.




The Town has an Inn. It is called The Fine Egg Tavern

Owner:
Izri Bacchus
: Adult male Lizardfolk. short and fat with Gray skin and N/A hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are selfish and superstitious
, and idolize retribution.

Cook:
Namnesa Luson
: Adult female Aasimar. tall and athletic with Pale skin and Dark hair, wearing beggar clothes. They are intelligent and superstitious
, and idolize self-control.

Bartender:
Lasdora Bronzebelch
: Adult female Dwarf. short and muscular with Dark Brown skin and Blonde hair, wearing average clothes. They are angry and steadfast
, and idolize coping.

Server:
Nauvek Nugalanathi
: Adult male Goliath. short and scrawny with Gray skin and N/A hair, wearing leisurely clothes. They are popular and suspicious
, and idolize self-control.






The town has a Apothecary Shop.

Shop Owner:
Khing Paledigger
: Adult male Kobold. short and skinny with Copper skin and N/A hair, wearing average clothes. They are sneaky and forgetful
, and idolize self-acceptance.

Shop Worker:
Dalthu Aglish
: Adult male Orc. short and fat with Dark Blue skin and Black hair, wearing average clothes. They are talented and vain
, and idolize freedom.





The town has a branch of the Magician's
 guild

Guildmaster:
Supaugh Dulaol
: Adult male Orc. average and scrawny with Gray skin and Dark Blue hair, wearing beggar clothes. They are logical and pretentious
, and idolize control.

Guild Members:

Slozob Loghra
: Adult female Orc. tall and athletic with Ash skin and Dark Blue hair, wearing average clothes. They are unkind and pretentious
, and idolize fairness.
Migger Robylrol
: Adult male Aasimar. tall and fat with Pale skin and Silver hair, wearing formal clothes. They are tolerant and indecisive
, and idolize education.
Awe Iscitan
: Adult female Tiefling. tall and skinny with Purple skin and Dark Blue hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are curious and lewd
, and idolize self-forgiveness.
Lanoth Kalukiaga
: Adult male Goliath. short and athletic with Gray skin and N/A hair, wearing work clothes. They are cooperative and bashful
, and idolize death.
Bhelnom Stoutsong
: Adult male Dwarf. average and fat with Gray skin and Blonde hair, wearing beggar clothes. They are calm and vain
, and idolize legacy.
Horgus Boldbrow
: Adult male Dwarf. short and scrawny with Dark Brown skin and Dark Brown hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are jealous and exploiter
, and idolize mastery.
Harish Neog
: Adult male Gith. tall and muscular with Yellow-brown
 skin and Russet
 hair, wearing average clothes. They are friendly and pathological-liar
, and idolize trust.
Ronirith Donoghan
: Adult female Tiefling. short and burly with Pale skin and Brown hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are persuasive and drunkard
, and idolize prosletizing.
Urxire Varcona
: Adult male Tiefling. short and average with Burgandy skin and Brown hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are serious and predictable
, and idolize shelter.
Kauri Elanakanu
: Adult female Goliath. short and skinny with Brown skin and N/A hair, wearing average clothes. They are sad and addict
, and idolize entreprenuership.
Clammash Xarbor
: Adult male Dragonborn. short and average with Brass skin and N/A hair, wearing leisurely clothes. They are hyper and abusive
, and idolize nation.
Chrec Moltenclaw
: Adult male Kobold. short and athletic with Green skin and N/A hair, wearing leisurely clothes. They are sad and rude
, and idolize profiteering.
Daalu Ogolavi
: Adult female Goliath. short and burly with Brown skin and Brown hair, wearing leisurely clothes. They are funny and addict
, and idolize change.










Households:




House 1 Occupants:
FATHER
Chendruc Roughbranch
: Adult male Kobold. short and athletic with Gold skin and N/A hair, wearing formal clothes. A Guide
, they are persuasive and tenacious
, and idolize faith.
MOTHER
Thorkoh Roughbranch
: Adult female Aasimar. average and muscular with Silver skin and Black hair, wearing average clothes. A Gemcutter
, they are bossy and materialistic
, and idolize wealth.
CHILDREN
Yrlant Roughbranch
: Child male Aasimar. short and muscular with Silver skin and N/A hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are nervous and childish
, and idolize achievement.
Ilvene Roughbranch
: Child female Aasimar. average and scrawny with Silver skin and N/A hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are happy and rude
, and idolize responsibility.



House 2 Occupants:
FATHER
Ilamul Geanutha
: Adult male Goliath. tall and scrawny with Brown skin and N/A hair, wearing extravagant clothes. A Maid
, they are serious and manipulative
, and idolize travel.
MOTHER
Kima Geanutha
: Adult female Goliath. tall and muscular with Brown skin and N/A hair, wearing extravagant clothes. A Tailor
, they are fair and indomitable
, and idolize death.
CHILDREN
Agevu Geanutha
: Child female Goliath. short and fat with Brown skin and N/A hair, wearing average clothes. They are bossy and abusive
, and idolize wealth.
Lauvi Geanutha
: Child female Goliath. tall and fat with Brown skin and N/A hair, wearing leisurely clothes. They are calm and pretentious
, and idolize independence.
Agevu Geanutha
: Child female Goliath. short and burly with Brown skin and N/A hair, wearing beggar clothes. They are trustworthy and forgetful
, and idolize tradition.
Kekia Geanutha
: Child female Goliath. tall and muscular with Brown skin and N/A hair, wearing beggar clothes. They are bold and inconsiderate
, and idolize prosletizing.
Kanamul Geanutha
: Child male Goliath. average and skinny with Brown skin and N/A hair, wearing work clothes. They are afraid and workaholic
, and idolize reputation.



House 3 Occupants:
FATHER
Prulxenshtidan Grisaadi
: Adult male Dragonborn. short and scrawny with Copper skin and N/A hair, wearing extravagant clothes. A Jongleur
, they are shy and indomitable
, and idolize achievement.
MOTHER
Ticcanthith Grisaadi
: Adult female Dragonborn. average and scrawny with Green skin and N/A hair, wearing extravagant clothes. A Concubine
, they are dull and sweet-tooth
, and idolize novelty.
CHILDREN
Thamphexaaliad Grisaadi
: Child female Dragonborn. short and athletic with Copper skin and N/A hair, wearing average clothes. They are immature and cusser
, and idolize sincerity.
Kleldraajendok Grisaadi
: Child male Dragonborn. average and athletic with Green skin and N/A hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are immature and anxious
, and idolize festivity.
Ophol Grisaadi
: Child male Dragonborn. short and burly with Green skin and N/A hair, wearing beggar clothes. They are sneaky and deceptive
, and idolize rescue.
Noltixamak Grisaadi
: Child male Dragonborn. tall and burly with Copper skin and N/A hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are loud and impetuous
, and idolize coping.
Yelthad Grisaadi
: Child male Dragonborn. average and scrawny with Green skin and N/A hair, wearing beggar clothes. They are lucky and remorseless
, and idolize prosletizing.



House 4 Occupants:
FATHER
Bhabatosh Barooah
: Adult male Gith. average and muscular with Yellow-brown
 skin and Gray
 hair, wearing beggar clothes. A Servant
, they are responsible and vindictive
, and idolize honor.
MOTHER
Gauvi Barooah
: Adult female Goliath. average and average with Brown skin and N/A hair, wearing beggar clothes. A Armorer
, they are intelligent and thoutless
, and idolize responsibility.
CHILDREN
Nidhi Barooah
: Child female Gith. average and muscular with Yellow-brown
 skin and N/A hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are imaginative and pretentious
, and idolize providing.
Anmay Barooah
: Child male Gith. tall and fat with Brown skin and Gray
 hair, wearing formal clothes. They are generous and squander
, and idolize vigilantism.
Hitashri Barooah
: Child female Gith. average and average with Yellow-brown
 skin and Gray
 hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are tolerant and inhumane
, and idolize achievement.
Anmay Barooah
: Child male Gith. tall and fat with Yellow-brown
 skin and Gray
 hair, wearing leisurely clothes. They are wild and pessimist
, and idolize providing.
Maagea Barooah
: Child female Goliath. tall and fat with Yellow-brown
 skin and N/A hair, wearing average clothes. They are peaceful and abusive
, and idolize responsibility.



House 5 Occupants:
FATHER
Trugagh Ugrurump
: Adult male Orc. short and muscular with Gray skin and Black hair, wearing average clothes. A Tailor
, they are calm and abusive
, and idolize material-preservation.
MOTHER
Bugda Ugrurump
: Adult female Orc. average and fat with Gray skin and Black hair, wearing extravagant clothes. A Teacher
, they are loving and unethical
, and idolize service.
CHILDREN
Yagnakh Ugrurump
: Child female Orc. average and skinny with Gray skin and Black hair, wearing average clothes. They are outgoing and spender
, and idolize repayment.
Ugoob Ugrurump
: Child female Orc. short and fat with Gray skin and Black hair, wearing beggar clothes. They are talkative and naive
, and idolize profiteering.
Purbag Ugrurump
: Child male Orc. average and athletic with Gray skin and Black hair, wearing beggar clothes. They are clumsy and threatening
, and idolize community.
Snubub Ugrurump
: Child male Orc. average and scrawny with Gray skin and Black hair, wearing formal clothes. They are energetic and childish
, and idolize enlightenment.
Cagan Ugrurump
: Child male Orc. average and fat with Gray skin and Black hair, wearing extravagant clothes. They are loud and passive-aggressive
, and idolize health.
Pahgorim Ugrurump
: Child male Orc. short and skinny with Gray skin and Black hair, wearing beggar clothes. They are happy and rude
, and idolize tradition.





Total Population: 141